OK, well I am. I just finished college. And I'm looking to start my professional career. I studied. Security management in college and. Specifically, like I want to just work in security full time as a full time position. What interests me about security that you know? I always just like to know where everyone is and try to protect them as best as I can. And I enjoy, like the long the long evenings, you know, overnight shifts. You know making sure to watch the cameras and doing sweeps and so on and so forth. I think I'm I think I'm very professional and I keep. I'm very you don't have to. You don't have to get me going to actually start working like I'll always make sure to. Always you know. Put my foot forward and not necessarily need to be told when to start working or what to do. I always try to keep myself busy so I would say yeah, like I always keep myself busy. And I can work with by myself. I can work with others. I'm a team player. Or you know, solo player, whatever is necessary for the position and that's about it.
2 strengths Let me think. I'm vigilant. That's I would say that's just strength. And I'm hard working.
I've been told previously that I can sort of get tunnel vision when I'm working, so sort of like you know, I focus on what's the goal at hand and I sort of don't notice. Everyone around me is sort of like. Like very hyper focused and. What to what Have I been doing to improve that is start to you know, not focus so much in my work like focus in my work but not to the point where it's like unhealthy where you know I don't, I don't take my lunch break. Things like that like I want you know, and I've also. You know, socialize more with the people. Get to know the people around me and try not to sort of like put myself in this like oh I'm. A lone wolf type. Of environment, I would say that's probably something that that I've been improving on on.
My ability to work on multiple projects is that. I tend to obviously focus on one and then jump over to the other, but I tend to like to finish one task before I move. On to the. Other task, but that necessarily doesn't mean that when there's two tasks that happened to be you. Are happening like 1 simultaneously I I tend to do a little bit of both, but then I always make sure to finish one task and make sure it's done right. I don't rush the work on, even if it's even. If you know some you know in some cases, like when you're being thrown like multiple things at once. Some people might get, you know, overwhelmed, and I tend to not get overwhelmed and I take my time and focus and make sure to do it right. So then I don't have to go back and do it again or. Get, you know, gave, reprimanded by an employer or professional things like that.
I would say starting out as you know it's like just the. Part Time security guard. While I was going to school I was asked I was asked to, I was asked to work an overnight shift. And then when I was getting ready to. I was getting and like the next ship was this ship was changing. My boss told me that oh I needed to stay another 8 hours. So then I ended up working 16 hours. And I didn't bat an eyelash. You know, I didn't bat an eyelash or anything like that I didn't front because I knew that you know someone needs to be there to be watching the cameras make sure everyone's safe. So I would say that's an example of me going above and beyond.
Yes, I have questions in terms of like the environment like is it? You know, it's like, I mean like the structural organization of the job. Like is it, is it? Am I working by myself? Or am I working maybe with another individual? I would say that's a question like how is it like organized in terms of like my shifts and things like that?
OK, and. Is is there opportunities for moving above? Is there for leveling up in the position?
Obviously that's that's a good thing, because I do want to continue to pursue forward in my career. Is there is there availability for like overtime and do you get compensated for your overtime?
 
OK, I would say those are the primary questions that I have.
 
I think being on time also it it shows like what type of person you are. It's like a judgment of your character and it shows that you know it's. Since you know, since you you know I tend to stroke like 15 minutes to work 15 minutes earlier to work just so I can get myself settled. You know, make sure I know what's going on with the day. That happened the overnight shift, and if it's a morning shift or. If it's a night shift, I want to make sure to know what happened in the day. I just think that it's important because it shows that you care. It shows that you want to be there because if you you know continuously showing that you're late. You know being late all the time. That shows that you might not. You know night might not be 100% in it. Or and I know sometimes you know people are late. You know minute late, you know just you know traffic or accidents and things like that. I would say that's the only case where I would show up a couple minutes late, and obviously I would reach out to. I would reach out to you guys and make sure to let you guys know that I'm going to be a few minutes late, but I think it's important to be on time or actually early because. I just feel it feels like, you know. You're, uh. You want to be there. You want to work. You want to like work in this. You want to work at this job. I think that's what's important about being early.
 
I I tend to. I prefer to work with multiple people over working by myself because I feel like understand, you know, getting to know my fellow coworkers is also it. It boosts like the dynamic and how things run, and I think it's good for morality in terms, and because it's also good to have. People around to keep, you know, because it is, you know it could be long nights and things like that and there might break, you know, break up some of the monotony and things like that. So I would say working in a group is definitely preferred.
 
Conflict, like with uh with like a fellow employee or. Or or someone that's like, you know you. Know you know. Like a customer at the store or something like that.
 
OK. Time conflict. I would say you know at a previous previous job, I had a sort of small conflict with a fellow employee because. I felt that they made a decision that was that was very careless and unprofessional. That could have hurt more people and they sort of took it upon themselves to make a decision that reflected them and they sort of reacted selfish in that way. And I sort of, you know, told them that that's not the way to go about it. And then you know they started getting upset, saying that, like I'm not, you know, I'm not their boss. I'm not trying, you know, telling them what to do and things like that, and so we ended up, you know, talking, you know, sitting down with our our boss and discussing it. And then making sure to you know the boss. You know my boss was making sure to. Make sure that everything was OK between us because. It was all. About like a group dynamic and like you know. Trying to boost morale. But I would say that's probably an example of a conflict. That I've gone through.
 
If someone went fire caught someone stealing, especially coworker. I would obviously end up telling someone, but it wouldn't. I would tell someone I would make sure to figure out the right time to tell like my boss, and make sure that you know. That is done in a manner that's not. It's not like sort of like pointing the finger and blaming like oh, this person you know trying to publicly or publicize like this action, sort of. Do it in a more professional manner, like to you know maybe to, you know. Ask my boss if he has some time to sit down and talk. About it, and then I'll tell him. He can do or he or she can do with it. You know, deal with the situation in the way that they want to. I think that's best, then to, you know, create some big. Display of like oh like this person you know, like calling someone out. Basically I I wouldn't do that.
 
I would say if it's a probably a policy of a previous job where. My boss set this, uh, set this rule that if we saw if, like say, for example like I worked at like, uh, I worked at one of those, uh. Like container places where people buy like you know people buy like containers. They put their stuff in just like storage facilities and things like that and you know it was. It was perimeter in a fence and I remember one night. I was doing my rounds and I saw this lady on the other side of the fence like she was getting. You know she was in some conflict with her boyfriend or lover or whatever, and you know he was like yelling at her and he was going to like, you know. So I'll turn things like that and my boss said that we are not allowed to deal with those conflicts on the outside. On the other side of the fence, and I didn't like that because. Because that goes against who I am as a person, because I would rather want to like intervene, not necessarily. Start conflict with the individual, but at least just to make sure that the woman is safe. I, that's that's definitely a policy I did not did not like because I wanted to help them and I. Felt that it was. Kind of, you know, it was not right to, you know, limit my scope. Of protecting and things like that.
 
At that same, I would say at that same it happened at that same storage facility where a customer who had a storage had a storage bin. They they accidentally left their keys and they locked their keys inside the you know, inside the storage container and. At that time because at that you know for each store there's like each bin. There's like a master key that goes into it, so it's easier to, uh. Easier to open up all the doors. You know some of them lock something in or someone gets locked in, and so I dealt with the situation by. Going and getting the master key because you know the customer is very stressed out. You know they're like, oh like I, you know I need to be able to get into, you know, into the storage bin. You know I have a lot of you know important things that I need to go in and should you know they were getting very stressed out and so I sort of made sure to. Say like oh so. Don't worry about it. You know I'm just gonna go back to my post and get the master key and we'll get your keys and you'll be on your way. So that's how I solved that.
 
I handle I would say handle it well. I definitely you know when I leave work I don't bring it home. I try not to bring it home and tend, you know, in stressful situations they tend to be very calm, cool about it. You know, I think more or less not. I don't like to be too emotional, like get too emotionally attached to the situation. I try to be as rational as possible. And usually when I'm fat, you know when I'm dealing with stressful situations. That's how I react. I just, you know, try to keep it calm. Even if the person you know if the person that's you know might be. In trouble is. Stressed out I try to calm them. Down because you know you. Know we. You know it's you know it's better to think when you're not upset. You know it's better to think rationally when you're not upset. So that's how I would deal, that's how. I deal with stress.
 
My career goals are to build professional experience and the security world. I've been doing. You know various security jobs and my long. Term goal is. To you know, branch out and actually start my own security company. And sort of run my own business and. Sort of, you know, expand that business into. You know places that you know are, you know, need security. They like, you know they need security and things like that. So I would say starting my own security companies like a long term goal and just sort of I want to move up and the ladder and get experience and. Yeah, that's it. I would say that's my long. Term goals or uh?
 
I would say my greatest achievement is probably going to college. I would say that's probably my greatest achievement.
 
I think I think you should hire me because I'm respectful, diligent. I stay occupied. I don't like to stand around. I feel bad standing around in certain situations, even if it's like a slow day or if there's nothing really going on in in the facilities. I still manage to do my rounds even though I I try to keep myself occupied. And you know, for example, like if you know in the facility like, there's garbage on the floor, recycling like things like that. I'll actually, you know, keep myself occupied and make sure to throw it out and things like that. I always keep busy no matter, no matter what it is I'm. I'm also, I respect the the company. I will respect the company's uniform. Policy the the you know, the philosophy of the company and. I have, you know I have experience in this field and I think my experience would would be valuable for your company.
 
No, I do not.

