OK, yeah, I'd like to thank you for just taking the time to. Meet with me today. A little bit about myself. So I went to school for graphic design and. So that was my bachelors and I did that at Parsons in the city and I really enjoyed it and I feel like I loved living in the city and. And yeah, after I finished that, I took a job as a barista at a a local coffee shop, just because that was like pandemic. Kind of time and yeah. I've been here ever since, but I do, I do. Have the degree. I do have the degree in the in. Graphic design from Parsons and I feel like this would be a really great opportunity for me to expand on my skills and. Really improve myself even more.
I would say that I'm very. Cooperative I'm a team player. I think that's demonstrated through the way that I and I'm a team player, but I'm also like a a leader and I often take initiative on projects and make everyone and delegate and like, make everyone feel involved. And then another one of my strengths. I would say that. I'm I like to think outside the box so. You know, if you know not to say that that. Wow, it really. Feels like a. Really so I would say that yeah, I think outside. Of the box. And and I think that adds a nice element to the teams that I work on, because sometimes you know it's easy to get trapped and stuff on one idea. But I like to kind of shake it off and and think of different things. So I would say that those are some of my strengths.
Yeah, so I would say that I'm. I'm really good at multitasking and. I would say that. I give like the appropriate amount of time for each task though, like. It's not that I'm, you know, kind of flitting back and forth. You know so. I'm giving the appropriate time to each task so each of. The things in the project are done well. So yeah, I would say that I do that on a pretty pretty regular basis and I would say I've become pretty good at it, especially working in. The coffee shop. There's always like order. Many orders like coming in at once. Got to do a ton of different things with the orders and people talking. And screaming and that. So I would say that that's that's an example of how I demonstrate that skill.
I would say that. There was a frequent customer at the coffee shop who I really liked and they forgot their coffee on the counter. So I actually went into the parking lot after them. And handed them their coffee.
I think what interests me most is because it's very aligned with what I studied in school and and. Not only that, but you know, given that it is entry level, I expect that it will be more of like a a learning process for me and like I'll receive like some training. And I think that. You know, and of course it's a. Really nice company. From my research that I've looked into it, it has some great benefits, so I would say that those are the. Reasons that I'm interested.
Yeah I do. How would you say that? How would you describe the work culture?
Nice, what would you say that? What would you say are some skills that would make us successful candidate? In this role.
Nice and. What would you say are? Some things that this is a little risque, some things that employees have worked to improve upon in the company, things that they wanted to change. Anything like that.
Those are all my questions.
Thank you. I think it is a big deal and I think I will do with the caveat. I think it is especially a big deal when you've just started. I think maybe. 5 minutes here and there when you've been there a long time is. Not that it's acceptable, but it's it's not as much of a red flag.
It's important to be on time because you know, working on a team it can, and especially like let's say you have a meeting. It can file things up, it's just generally not good practice to make people wait, especially when you have engagements like on your schedule already. That's seen as as a big no no. Well, just because it's it. Shows a lack of consideration for others. Really at the base of the issue and it shows sort of some issues with time management on the person whose leaks aren't. You know especially. You know, if you've been there a while, you probably know how long it takes to like drive there. However, you're getting there, and so. I would say that.
Had a supervisor tell me that she wanted to see me in an even more. Take even more of a leadership role. Because she thought I was a valuable member of the team and that sometimes I don't speak up enough and. Voice my opinions and ideas which I took as a compliment, but yes, it is something that I am currently working on. And two things. So let me think. Another thing. I would say that. I've been told, like. Sometimes when I have many tasks. Like I was saying before, like I give appropriate time to each. But sometimes I spend like too much time and that becomes my baby and I spend too much time on that task and not to say that others fall by the wayside. But then it it. You know from a logistics like time perspective, it's just because I'm trying to do a good job, but. Yeah, that maybe I I give too much effort and I don't always know when to. Cut it off sometimes.
Yeah, I like working on a team. Especially with people that. Like yourself are very friendly and compassionate. I like that because it makes it makes the work feel less like work no matter what it is. And if you have people who you value and you can rely on to also do good work, then you know. That's everything that's so important on a team that you can each rely on each other to. To deliver good work and do it efficiently and and and have a little fun while you're at it too.
To be honest. I don't really have conflicts with my colleagues, but I have had. People at the coffee shop recently have been especially. Around the holidays. Like really, sometimes very difficult to deal with and I had this one woman who actually she was a customer who her coffee was late and she actually. Spilled it on the floor when she finally got it because she was so outraged. So I just sort of went up to her and I calmly talked to her and I didn't. Chastise, but I just sort of explained that like. We would really appreciate if. You didn't. For coffee on the floor. If yes, we're very busy and we're sorry, but it's like the holidays and. So I would say that I took charge of that and I just. Tried to more or less calm her down and. And it worked.
At the coffee shop, you're not allowed to have nail Polish, and I really like wearing nail Polish, but it's just something that you know. That is, that is my role and I have to follow that rule because. I think it's. Like a hygiene thing. That and so I follow that even though I don't necessarily personally agree with that.
Well, there was the time that. The coffee machine. The espresso machine. Caught on fire. And and I, you know, very calmly. Took the fire extinguisher and I made sure that everyone was like out of the way. I took the fire extinguisher and safely just put out that fire and I had some help from some other colleagues but just basically. I helped by making sure that the area was safe both for the customers and for the staff. And yeah I I extinguished that fire.
Well, that's a good question because at first glance you wouldn't think that being a barista and being a web developer have that much in common. And yet I would disagree because. You're dealing with a lot of so on the web development side, I'm sure you're taking into consideration a lot of other peoples points of view. And that definitely happened at the coffee shop, especially when I was training and like making all these drinks and people make all these things differently. But like sort of reconciling one way versus another way like different people, different skill sets and stuff like that. So I think it it taught me how to really work with people in an effective way. And I think that's something that I'll bring to the table. Should I be offered the web development?
Yeah, I would say that one of my friends was. Coming in late a lot to work and I know we mentioned this before and like how? How important timeliness is. So she was coming late like a lot and and like by pretty significant amounts of time. And I just pulled her aside and I was like Zoe, hey, you know? And I'm not in a management position, but I just wanted to sort of help her out. So I was like, hey, like. You know, I noticed like I know, you said that you were having trouble like getting. Here in the morning and. Your car had recently been like in. The shop and. Whatever, so I'm like, is there anything I can do? Like, can I drive you? We don't live too far away, so I was like can can I drive you? Can I yeah, can we carpool or like? Yeah, is there anything else I can do to to help you get here on time? Because we really need you. You're really good team member and you know. It just it just makes things a bit more challenging. Not having you around. So yeah, I offered to help her out with getting there on time.
My career goals. I want to learn how to code and I want to be. Like an A. In a manager position in a a web developer role and that's why this is so interesting to me and appealing. You know, even given that it is entry level, it's a really nice point for me to learn and train under someone. Excuse me, who has. A lot of experience. But yeah, I would say that I wanted to. I would want to. Kind of. Climb the ranks and do a lot of. Do a lot of learning.
My greatest achievement was. Being employee of the month. At the cafe.
As I said, I'm a really great team player. I really care. I really kind of take pride in my work and I really. It's personally rewarding to do good work and make people happy, and you know. Just pass it on. Basically, that's something that I pride myself in. I would say that I'm a quick learner. I would say that you know because I know that even though I do have the background, the the degree in web development, I would say that there are still many things that I have to learn and it seems like you guys would offer a really nice learning environment. But above that I just. I care a lot, you know. I really I can't stress enough. I take pride in my work whatever it is and I just want to deliver the best end result. I think that's the biggest strength I have.
No, I think you've answered all my questions.

