OK, so my name is. Monica and I am applying for the childcare position. I have experience in sales. I actually worked at a candy and squish mellow store. Sorry I get so nervous during my interviews. But I studied. Middle history in college and I have lots of nanny experience.
Definitely patient and. Also, I think my. Creativity will help me here.
Well, they haven't really told me to improve anything.
I guess that would be it. I have a hard time focusing on more than one project at once. However, I do notice like I am able to multitask when it comes to. Things I'm interested in, so I think in this job. I'd be able. To multitask with children. Because I like interacting with children, but you know? If you were to ask me to do like the cashier type of job and I. Have to multitask sorting money along with you know keeping the line going. I don't think I'd be fantastic at that, so I think multitasking can be weakness for me. But also strength when I'm. Really interested in what I'm doing.
Ah OK, so at my squish. Mellow and candy store. I actually did an entire Christmas display design. All by myself.
Change of pace from what? I'm used to, but also it's along the. Lines of what I'm used to. If that makes sense so. I'm used to working with children. Obviously when they come into my squish mellow store. But in this case, I'll actually be able to take care of them and engage in fun activities and crafts and things with them while they're working.
Because you have to be held accountable and when. You agree to working a job. You're agreeing to working a certain amount of hours, so if like you're consistently late, that's theft.
On a team, what do you?
We're all helping one another as we work towards the shared goal, so in this case working on a team with childcare we can. Help each other when you know maybe this specific thing is challenging as well as use our minds together to, you know, engage with children in meaningful and fun ways.
Yeah, I've definitely seen people come and go throughout my squish mill candy candy store. The best team that we had was actually during Christmas time. That was when I did that. Design us working together allowed for the work to go more smoothly and therefore I. Had the creative capacity to. Create that amazing store display which actually boosted sales. We've worked poorly together. Before that was when we had some. Some other types of workers who maybe didn't value the. Company as much as we. Did and during that time like Candy was going missing and. Just inventory was not correct, so numbers were not. Being recorded properly, so I think the difference is that teamwork and having a shared goal.
I would. Say stop. And then I would go to a manager. Yeah I I would go to the first. Person in the chain of command.
Well, I don't really have conflicts with people. Just a bundle of joy, but. I would say that we've had. Conflicts at the store. Customers fighting over squish mellows, and actually one of the customers was saying that the only way that the other person could leave with that squish mellow if if It was cut in. Half meaning that they wanted the squish. Mill to be cut in half. So that they Could each take a piece
So the way I handled that was I redirected. One consumer to another squish mill option. Highlighted the specific qualities that are unique to the squish, mellow versus the other squish mellow. And that resolved the conflict.
Yeah, sure. I'm like totally a germaphobe. The policy is that. Actually sorry, let me back that up. There's a policy against. Samples that I have to come up with something I'm so sorry. Give me a SEC. Policy I'm against. In the context of candy and squishmallows. Oh OK. At the end of the night we have to throw out all the candy that has been created which contributes to a lot of environmental waste. If you're caught giving this candy away to people or like to homeless shelters. And things like that. Where people could really use this candy you would. Get in trouble, so I'm not. Crazy about that protocol. Or that that standard that's set in place. But I definitely do have to and will abide by it.
Oh OK, well this is in reference to the candy portion of our shop. We were out of the molds that we needed. There were seasonal molds actually for Valentine's Day, the. Supplier that we had didn't send enough. So what I did. Was I came up with a new way of making the candy in a similar formation as that mold. So rather than using the plastic mold, I went and I used a piping bag to make that candy into a heart.
Like I said, I studied medieval history in college. So ultimately one day I'd love to start a children's Museum of medieval history. So I think this is like the perfect step in my process.
Waking up every day.
You should hire me because I am a hard worker. I am dedicated to. Providing the best service and. Wherever I am and I'll always. Be a team. Member and a leader when I need to be.


