Hi so my name is Adesia and I'm international student in United States. Originally I'm from Russia and you know, while I'm a student at Rutgers University, I feel like it's really important to support yourself in some way and then get like some money. You know for like random everyday things. So I feel like this is going to be an amazing position for me. I know I don't have much experience in this field that but I want to gain more experience. I worked as a waitress while I was a teenager in the pizzeria, so I think like you know I have this kind of like skill of interacting with people. I have good communication. Skills and like you know I capable of kind of. Like avoiding those like. Difficult situations and finding solutions so. This is a kind of a quick overview.
Yeah, yeah, that's what I was about to say. Like I think communication is one of the strongest and then I think problem solving skills because again like you know when you're working with people you never know which situations can occur and it's really important to kind of like think really fast and be on your toes and kind of like you know solve any. Problems arise momentarily in something.
Would you like me to provide examples or like kind of like can you? Rephrase the question.
OK, so more than I feel like the biggest example would be probably like my school work. You know when you have like multiple different classes at the same time, it's really important to kind of stay organized and kind of like. Again like know what you have to do. So doing that like again like I think I have exceptional organization skills where like you know I keep my planner and I kind of plan everything ahead and that kind of helps me to, like, you know, understand what I have to do by which deadline. And I think like being a cashier, it's very important because you know you need to scan items. You need to bag items you at the same time. And the need to engage in a little conversation with the customer you know to kind of like so they will have the positive outlook on our store, you know. So I think those things are really important and I think I'm capable of doing this given my previous experiences and the college work that. I'm doing right now.
I really love. The communication aspect again, I think like communication is like actually a big part of my life. So that's why every kind of like answer keeps going to their. You know, like my dream is to kind of like became become a. Social workers talking with the people, so I think like you know, like again, like working as a cashier like you know, like you can kind of like improve your communication skills even further and you know it's kind of like helping like people buying their groceries and like making them happy is something that I'm really passionate about. This job.
I think one of the things is that I sometimes. Don't ask for help, you know like because I'm. Trying to figure out everything on my own, but I think my supervisors and my teachers always told me that like you know, there's this kind of silver lining between like you know, trying to do things on your own and asking for help, and this is what actually I'm working on right now. You know, in my school project, so like I'm trying to do my best I can, you know, give myself like, OK, let's like give those two hours. I can if you cannot solve this problem, go and ask for help, and I think like I'm getting better. At this same with my job, you know, like with waitressing like you know, I will try to kind of like come up with solutions on my own, but there'll be some point where, like you know you need like advice of the manager. So I think like improving by just like you know, kind of understanding and kind of being introspective about my own negative skills and kind of like working on them
Above and beyond. That's actually very good, I think like 1. Of the examples. Would be from my school work where we had a GO project and you know it was like 4 people in the group and we had to come up with a like you know like. Fake advertisement of the product and every single person had their own. You know, had their own part in this kind of. The project, however, those will call the times that two of the people. Were sick and. Like the teacher said. Like basically like you know, you can just kind of like, you know give us extension. But of course, like you know, it was like the deadline was coming and like we wanted our grades. So I kind of like worked. You know, individually with people like who were sick over zoom and tried to come up with the solutions and kind of like took a leadership role. Over that part where, like you know, like I was trying to work with everyone individual basis so we can actually accomplish this goal together. And like you know we had good grades. So kind of like taking this literature role I guess.
Yeah, which kind of cashier machine, are you using at your store?
OK. And what about the plastic bags? Are you environmentally friendly or do you? Do you use plastic bags in your store or it's only like recyclable? Like you know multiple use bags?
OK, and what's like you know, like as a cashier, do you also have like self checkout machines or only like you know the cashiers? Working there.
You see, this is what I'm talking about. Like I want to work on my communication skills and I feel like this is. An awesome place for me. To work, and I hope I'll get hired today.
I feel like it. Is because you know, like you, you work as a part of a team. It's very important to be respectable of other. You know of your teammates like as a cashier, like maybe like you know, like I'll be working from 
Back to the communication skills again. Like you know, I feel like working on a team is like the environment that I thrive in the most. I can work like independently and I I don't really care about that because again, like you know, I usually take leadership roles, so for me to work individually in some projects is like like I. Like I'll be OK, but again, I prefer this communication like part where like you know you kind of interact with different people and you know the thing that I like the most is like where you kind of like, take different people's perspectives and you kind of combine them to come up with. Like you know, certain like idea or goal. So that's why I. Prefer team projects.
Let's go back to my waitressing job because, as you can imagine, the courting in the restaurant that you know it gets busy, and sometimes customers aren't happy with certain things. So for example, one time I had a client who told me that they gave a gift card to me, but in reality they never gave a gift card. And you know, they kind of like started being really angry with me. And they're like, no. I definitely gave you the card and kind of started blaming me for that. So you know it's very important to kind of like keep your cool and like be like really respectful towards the person, no matter whether. They're right or. Wrong so you know, like while I was being really respectful to them, of course I had to ask for help and this shows again. The other thing that I'm like, you know, working on asking for help when help is needed, send it to my manager and we're able to like, you know, look over the cameras and like see that in reality. There was never a gift card, so the person just kind of invented that. But of course, like you know, you don't want to embarrass the person in front of like all other people. So we kind of like. Me and manager came and talked really privately and quietly with this person, and the person realized that they got caught. So they just paid for the check and that, but I think it's really important to kind of like, you know, keep your cool and kind of like during any conflict you have. And I feel like in a cash your job. The same can happen. You know when somebody's unhappy with the prices or something, it's really important to. Keep you cool and be really polite to a person that you're talking to.
I think first of all, like I will come and talk with the coworker because I feel like it's better if the person comes clean themselves rather than like, you know, go and talk with the manager. So like if of course the person like declines to like, you know, talk with the manager with them like I'll have to escalate because this is the my job and like this is like kind of my job description, but I feel like it's important to just talk with this person 1st and like. Ask them whether they can talk with the manager on their own and kind of like. You know, either return the item or pay for it before kind of like you know, raising any big issue or conflict.
That's a good question right here. You know, I think I could get back to the waitressing job. There was one of the policies that, like you know, requires you to pay an extra fee if there is a. 40
In one of my classes actually in my psychology classes, I had this person who was not truly my close friend, but like you know, like more of a classmates who would have like everyday conversations. And I realized that on the tests, like you know, they will try really hard and study really hard, but they wouldn't get the grade that. They wanted to. So you know, like I offered. And I'm like hey dude I want to study together like I can offer some tips and advice on how to perform better and so after class you know we'll stay like for a little bit longer and I'll kind of like offer the tips that I'm using for my tests. Like maybe the study techniques that kind of like. Benefit from and with that help. Like you know, over a couple of weeks I was able to help this person improve their grades slightly, so I think like the same with the cashier job. Like you know, if somebody struggling with operating the machine or like do specific things like you can share some tips and advice and then maybe this person can help you in the future you know, so I guess it's really important to kind of share the insights on certain things.
I think one of the things that we say is hard working because I don't mind like you know, staying late nights or like work you know like extra days. If one of my coworkers is sick, I think that would be one of those things, and of course friendly because again. Communication skills and I'm always like open to talk with people and then, you know, help someone. So I think those are like one of the most important things that one of the most important qualities that I possess.
To become the senior cashier at your store, you know, and I feel like with working hard and with my passion I'll be able to climb this ladder, you know?
My greatest achievement so far would be to become ATA in one of my classes because again, like in order to become AT in one of my classes, you have to work really hard and like, you know, get good grades and kind of show that you can. You're able to help people around, and actually after the scenario I described to you were like health one of the. Students the teachers recognize that I'm capable of doing this. So they offered me, like you know, like do you want to apply to this position? And I did apply and I think it kind of shows like again like you know, my passion for my studies and that I'm capable, you know of doing even. Extra work than needed.
I think one of the most important things I should hire me is because, like all the qualities that I talked about, my experiences and I hope you could see the passion that I possessed during the whole interview. And I really actually like your store. I've been going there since I was a kid and I was always like, you know, the projects that you have and kind of like the work environment that you have in there, however. Single employee was, you know, happy and really polite with the customer. And I think my background and my skills can bring something more to your uh, company and I will be, you know, I think like I can give you sort of advice on how we can improve our cashier environment and cashier process once I get hired because I have a. Couple of ideas so.
Am I hired? Actually, I'm sorry that was a joke, but anyways, no, I think like you know, when you give an opportunity to ask some questions earlier, I asked all the questions that I had.


